docs: bundler options required for PGlite (#283)
electric-sql/pglite: docs/docs/bundler-support.md

# Bundler Support

Some bundlers require additional configuration to work with PGlite.

:::tip

If you come across any issues with PGlite and a specific bundler, please [open an issue](https://github.com/electric-sql/pglite/issues/new), we'd also love any contributions to this bundler documentation if you're able to help out.

:::

## Vite

> When using [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/), make sure to add `optimizeDeps` inside `vite.config.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/), make sure to exclude `pglite` from dependency optimization using the `optimizeDeps` option inside `vite.config.js`:
```
